continue to be cursed with the comparative test
moderate cr7 weber 9
and yes I wish you much fun
watch
in terms of comfort lies in our view of
voter clearly ahead
because simply a softer material has
this feels better on the foot
all if at a buckle here
the 50 is just a bit too stiff and
he needs something too long for him
einzuspielen
that's why we find the rapper easy
better
From our point of view, the ball feeling
balanced
The 50 has a bit stiff
material, however , this is not a disadvantage
towards the parents
that can
As far as the processing is concerned, both are
shoes really on a very high
level
However, we believe that the 50 something
the durability is a little better
cuts off mainly because its material
just a bit stiffer and thus something
seems to be more resilient
450 angeles a bit more stable and therefore
also on artificial turf against the wk 9 is
a bit more flexible but the sole is not
due to lawn designed in weight
50 will win it about 15 grams lighter than
the 900 is
In this duel I would personally the
Nine preference is the comfort
just a bit better
The material is a little softer where I am
with the messie something better bowl
maybe that's been done
also subjective is found in ball feel
I'll be pretty soon
similar but nevertheless one lies here the
wafer 9 in front and that's it
winner from my point of view in this duel
yes i see it very similar to i think
Each of the two shoes has its own
own strengths and weakness, however
I just put a lot of emphasis on comfort
and since the wafer 9 cuts in the
cristiano ronaldo version easy
much better off because he is on
better to adjust the foot and me
I just feel better overall
that's why the winner is in me, too
this duel of puppies in my view
wins this duel of the wafers 9
I think the material is very soft
had a very good ball feeling
but I have to say that Bernard
50 in the very good flank better but also
Therefore scorer could shoot
I throw both highly recommended
But shoes for me is the 9th
in order to participate in the raffle
should you rate that many and
answer which question
school falls through better of f50 fair
or the puppy new cr7 it seems quite
in the comments
and to double your chances
We are happy if you have a picture of you
on twitter or instagram posts in that
to see her with a liquefied gas logo
his
the most creative and interesting picture
will be selected by us
I wish you much fun and much
success
dad daddy